Script-to-Screen additional features spec

I. Reprompt image capability
	A. Ideally this should occur from a context menu inside the bin (i.e. right click or control click on Mac on an image, choose "reprompt image")
	B. This should open an interface different from the original main plugin interface
	C. The interface should pull the original prompt used to generate the image as editable text as well as the input character reference and style reference images used, if any, and these should be user editable as well
	D. the interface should include a dropdown of all available image generation providers for the user to choose from
	E. the user then edits the prompt text, and upon pressing submit a new image appears in the bin 


II. Reprompt video capability
	A. Ideally this should occur from a context menu on the timeline (i.e. right click or control click on Mac, on a video clip, choose "reprompt video")
	B. This should open an interface different from the original main plugin interface
	C. The interface should pull the original prompt used to generate the video as editable text as well as the input start frame and style , if any, and these should be user editable as well
	D. the interface should include a dropdown of all available video generation providers for the user to choose from
	E. the user then edits the prompt text, and upon pressing submit a new video appears in the bin and at the timestamp of the clicked video in the timeline


III. Standalone generate audio capability
	A. Ideally this should occur from a context menu on the timeline (i.e. right click or control click on the timeline, choose "generate audio")
	B. This should open an interface different from the original main plugin interface
	C. The interface should load an interface for voicebox allowing the user to input text and generate a voice in any one of several saved cloned voices or to clone a new voice for the current generation
	D. the generated audio should appear at the playhead on the timeline and in the bin

	III. Standalone lip sync capability
	A. A. Ideally this should occur from a context menu on the timeline (i.e. right click or control click on Mac, on a video clip, choose "lip sync video")
	B. This should open an interface different from the original main plugin interface
	C. The interface should load an interface for Kling lip sync and should load the currently selected clip as the target video and prompt the user for an audio clip to lip sync
	D. the generated lip synced video should appear in the bin and at the timestamp of the clicked video in the timeline

IV. A "stored state" for previously uploaded voice clones, character and locaction reference
	A. The plugin should permanently store voice clones within the context of a project
	B. The plugin should permanently store character references within the context of a project
	C. The plugin should permanently store location references within the context of a project


